---
id: 2020-05-21-Alloy-monthly-general-meeting
title: 2020.05.21 Alloy Monthly General Meeting
sidebar_label: 2020.05.21 Alloy Monthly General Meeting
---

# Agenda 2020.05.21 Alloy Monthly General Meeting

## Attendees
* Ajith Dharwar / DB / AJ73
* Attila Mihaly / Morgan Stanley / AttilaMihaly
* Nigel Cobb / REGnosys / nigelcobb
* Vijayesh Chandel / GS / Vijayesh-Chandel
* Shaun Aston / GS / astonGS
* James Bracegirdle / GS
* Beeke-Marie Nelke / GS
* Irina Yermakova / ISDA 
* Kabir Rekhi / RBC
* Minesh Patel / REGnosys
* Nick Kolba / Genesys / nkolba
* Rajesh Taparia / RBC 
* Stephen Sui / RBC 
* Paul Tilley / DB
* Toni McDerment / Refinitiv 
* Jim Wang / REGnosys / jim-h-wang
* Gordon Campbell / Scott Logic /  gcampbell-sl
* Ffion Wiggins / GS / ffionwiggins
* Paul Tilley / Deutsche Bank /db-tillpau
* Eric Tice / Wipro  / erictice
* Dan Schwartz / FT Advisory / dschwartznyc
* Junji Katto / Itau / junjikatto
* Rob Underwood/ FINOS / brooklynrob
* Maurizio Pillitu / FINOS / maoo
* Tosha Ellison / FINOS / toshaellison
* Aitana Myohl / FINOS / aitana16

## Topics

### I. Working Group Updates
#### Commodity Reference Data - Shaun Aston (GS)

#### FX Options - Vijay Chandel (GS)

#### Sustainability and Renewable Energy Finance - Joel Boeder (Wells Fargo)

### II. Roadmap updates - Rob Underwood (FINOS)
* Capture milestones from here to open sourcing (start of Phase 2) as GitHub issues, labeled by workstream
* Summarize roadmap in .github/ROADMAP.md - See draft at https://github.com/brooklynrob/alloy/blob/master/.github/ROADMAP.md

### III. Training materials
* [Open Source Fundamentals - Part I (May 6th, 2020)](https://www.finos.org/hubfs/FINOS/2020%20Video%20Uploads/FINOS%20-%20Open%20Source%20Fundamentals%20-%20Part%201%20-%2006%20May%2020.mp4)
* Part II (May 20th, 2020) to be posted soon - Review, Approve, and Merge in Alloy

### III. Housekeeping
* Approve [4/16 Alloy General Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/general-meeting/2020.4.16-general-meeting.md) - _Meeting minutes were approved_ 
* Proposal to move this meeting to 9am going forward - _No objections to this change_

### IV. Q&A


